Bug/last modified at (#66)
fivetran/dbt_linkedin_source: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_linkedin_source v0.8.2
[PR #66](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_linkedin_source/pull/66) includes the following updates:
## Bug Fixes
- Adjusted column determination logic (`is_latest_version`, `last_modified_at`, `status`, `created_at`) in model `stg_linkedin_ads__creative_history` for pre-January 2023 Fivetran connectors. 

>   - This ensures proper handling of retroactively filled `last_modified_at` values and maintained consistency in coalesce order for `status` and `created_at`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This ensures proper handling of retroactively filled `last_modified_at` values and maintains consistency in the `COALESCE` ordering for the `status` and `created_at` fields.
```

>   - Updated the coalesce order for determining `status` and `created_at` for consistency. 

Reviewer 2: This is a bit lengthy of a CHANGELOG entry and I worry could be confusing for some customers. Would you be able to condense this entry and make it more succinct.

Author: Yeah you're right. How is this? (assuming we don't put `status` and `created_at` back)

Reviewer 2: The update looks great, thanks for applying!
